Notes:

Module 1: Artificial Intelligence EcoSystem

Turing Test
https://youtu.be/3wLqsRLvV-c?si=VNenakrwMT_t18dq

AI Def:
The study of the design of intelligent agents	- Acting rationally 
The process of developing machines that perform functions that would normally require human intelligence to be performed - Acting humanly 
The study of the ability of a computer to eventually perceive, reason, and act - Thinking rationally
The exciting new effort to make computers think, as if they had minds	- Thinking humanly
 
GPT - General Purpose Technology
Characteristics
Pervasiveness: The technology spreads across most sectors.
Improvement: It will improve in quality over time and will continue to lower the costs of use.
Innovation: It enables other inventions.

Hype Cycle
Innovation trigger: The first stage in the cycle represents the period when the technology is first invented, which sparks excitement. This is usually triggered by media coverage resulting from a public announcement or a physical demonstration of the technology.
Peak of inflated expectation: During this period, hype and excitement builds, and optimism and imagination far exceeds the reality of the potential the technology holds. This stage is also known for investment into the technology without an understanding of it, and without a sound business case for the investment decision.
Trough of disillusionment: This period is when hope and faith in the technology is lost, because it is not performing as well as expected. Negative media coverage is widespread.
Slope of enlightenment: Confidence in the technology is regained, and the potential for further application of the technology becomes clear.
Plateau of productivity: During the maturity stage, growth slows down, the technology is realistically valued, and adoption accelerates.


Module 2: AI and machine learning: Understanding the black box

Types of Data
- Structured
- Unstructured

Computational Limits -  P & NP Problem, Traveling Salesman Problem

Three learning approaches 
– supervised 
 - Regression - Linear (Continous Output)
 - Classification - Logistic (Binary Output)
- unsupervised
 - Clustering
- reinforcement learning 

Four main stages of ML:
Manage data: data is collected, prepared, and split for training and testing
Train model: the task, features, and algorithms are chosen, and the model is trained
Evaluate model: the trained model is assessed and improved
Deploy model: the trained model is deployed for prediction on new data, and the model’s performance is monitored and eventually re-retrained

Tensor Flow - Movie Review - Google Colab - https://www.tensorflow.org/tutorials/keras/text_classification_with_hub

Module 3: Understanding deep learning and neural networks

Neural Network
- Input
- Hidden layer - activation Function
- Output

- Weights - 
- Error Rate - 

Training data set: This set enables ANNs to establish the appropriate weights between the neurons in the different layers.
Validation data set: This is used to refine the ANN’s processing ability.
Test data set: This is used to test whether the ANN has the ability to process the input into an accurate output.

Forward propagation - Forward propagation entails signals moving from the input on the left to the output on the right
Backpropagation - backpropagation in ANNs functions by adjusting or correcting the weights between neurons in order to minimise the error in the output of the ANN, and is the process by which an ANN learns

